CDSE to EO guide (#1967)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/support/tutorials/gis/eo_guide.md

3) **Own computing environment** - PC, local cluster, virtual machines. Data needs to be downloaded and all tools must be installed to this system. On the other hand, it gives more freedom to select the tools and set-up. Usually this does not cause any extra costs, but the computing power is usually rather limited.

CSC services do not fit well in this categorization, as they provide some features from all of these. **CSC computing services provide a lot of computing power and storage space, and they are free of charge** for Finnish researchers for academic or educational use. 

At CSC, EO data can be processed and analyzed using a supercomputer, for example [supercomputer Puhti](../../../computing/systems-puhti.md), or a virtual machine in the [cPouta cloud service](../../../cloud/pouta/pouta-what-is.md). Puhti's computing capacity can hardly be compared to any other EO service, in both available processing power and amount of memory. Both Puhti and cPouta have also GPU resources, which are especially useful for large simulations and deep learning use cases. 

> Puhti has a lot of [pre-installed applications](#what-applications-are-available-on-puhti), so it is an environment ready to use. cPouta virtual machines are similar to commercial cloud services, where all set-up and installations are done by the end-user. In general, both services only support Linux software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Puhti has a lot of [pre-installed applications](#what-applications-are-available-on-puhti), so it is a ready-to-use environment. cPouta virtual machines are similar to commercial cloud services, where all set-up and installations are done by the end-user. In general, both services only support Linux software.
```

**[Microsoft planetary computer](https://planetarycomputer.microsoft.com)** offers JupyterHub together with Dask Gateway, both CPUs and GPUs are available. It is currently available in preview.

[**CDSE**](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/analyse) provides also processing services, mainly via [**OpenEO**](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/analyse/apis/openeo-api) and [**SentinelHub**](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/analyse/apis/sentinel-hub) with options to bring processing close to the data. Both have free of charge options and services with a fee. They provide different APIs, which can be accessed via Python or R. Soon also On-Demand Processing.

* [Copernicus Data Workspace](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/workspace/) is a tool for managing and reviewing EO-related products, which can then be further processed or downloaded for various purposes. When products are selected for processing, you are provided with a list of processors that are capable of processing relevant data types.

> * [CDSE Jupyter Notebooks](https://jupyterhub.dataspace.copernicus.eu/) provide to analyse the data using Jupyter Notebooks. Each user has 10Gb of persistent space (deleted after 15 days without login) and access to 2 - 4 CPUs with 4 - 16 Gb RAM. Note that in addition to personal limits, also the total number of active users seems to be limited. It is possible to add own packages via pip. [CDSE example notebooks](https://github.com/eu-cdse/notebook-samples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CDSE Jupyter Notebooks](https://jupyterhub.dataspace.copernicus.eu/) provide the ability to analyze the data using Jupyter Notebooks. Each user has 10Gb of persistent space (deleted after 15 days without login) and access to 2 - 4 CPUs with 4 - 16 Gb RAM. Note that in addition to personal limits, also the total number of active users seems to be limited. It is possible to add own packages via pip. [CDSE example notebooks](https://github.com/eu-cdse/notebook-samples)
```
